This document has everything you should need about Andrew Stephenson

Name: Andrew Stephenson 
School email: amstephenson3@crimson.ua.edu
Personal email: astephenson822@gmail.com
Phone number: 618-521-3800
LinkedIn URL: www.linkedin.com/in/a-m-stephenson 
 
EDUCATION   
Degree: Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
Graduation Date: December 13th, 2025 
College he graduated from: The University of Alabama, in Tuscaloosa, AL   
Other facts: He was in the Honors College and had a 4.0 GPA
 
SKILLS   
These are some of the skills Andrew posesses through his classes, EcoCAR, and outside work/internships: 
Python, C++, C, C#, Java, JavaScript, HTML, MongoDB, MySQL, TAK, ROS, Ardupilot, Mavlink, 
Docker, Ubuntu, VirtualBox, Power BI, Visual Studio, MATLAB, Git, Jetson Nano, RTMaps, Gazebo and 
Unity 
 
SELECT COURSEWORK 
These are the courses Andrew has taken that relate: Capstone Computing (CS 495), Reinforcement Learning (CS 484), 
Artificial Intelligence (CS 465), Full Stack Development (CS 330), Data Science (CS 451), Operating Systems (CS 300), 
Database Management Systems (CS 301), Data Structures and Algorithms (CS 201/470), Software Engineering (CS 200) 
and Microcomputers (ECE 383) 
 
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Andrew worked at COLSA during his last semester of school remotely   
Role: Data Scientist (Remote)
Company: COLSA Corporation
Company Location: Huntsville, AL
Time worked: August 2025 to January 2026
Work performed: Working on HAAST contract to construct TAK plugins. Delt with custom Protobufs and
converted those messages to CoT. Integrated Jet client into Java RTAK plugins

Andrew has also had two internships with colsa
Role: Data Scientist Intern
Company: COLSA Corporation
Company Location: Huntsville, AL
Time worked: June 2024 to August 2024 and June 2025 to August 2025
Work performed: Utilized Docker and Meshroom to reconstruct bridge models using photogrammetry. 
mplemented a full stack website with react.js, node.js, and a MySQL database. 
Developed computer vision models using UNet and SAM3D for segmentation. 
Briefed daily on project progress and blockers using agile methodologies. 
Set up a drone simulation environment with Gazebo, Ardupilot, ROS, and Mavlink software. 
Implemented Python algorithms, including A* for navigation and neural networks for 
autonomous movement, utilizing both positional and lidar data.  
Utilized Docker and VirtualBox to streamline testing and development processes. 
 
Andrew was part of the Sensors subteam in EcoCAR, a competitive club at Alabama and many other schools
Role: Sensors Subteam Member
Club: EcoCAR EV Challenge
Location: Tuscaloosa, AL
Time in club: September 2022 to December 2025 
Work performed: Assignments with a Gitlab task board to complete tasks in a timely manner. 
Development using MATLAB and Simulink to create a working sensor fusion algorithm. 
Simulation with driving scenario designer and unreal engine through MATLAB. 
Conversion of working sensor fusion algorithm to Python using RTMaps. 
     
CAMPUS INVOLVEMENT   
Andrew was also involved with his school through his fraternity, Sigma Alpha Mu
Fraternity and Chapter: Sigma Alpha Mu Tau Chapter
Time as active member: Otcober 2023 to December 2025   
 
CLEARANCE
Andrew also has a security Clearance
Active Security Clearance: Interim Secret 